unfortunately I think that the vegan
community has become very toxic and not
understanding of people's situations and
this was a huge slap in the face for me
because in the past I have been that
person not saying it to people but
thinking oh that it's not doing it right
or they just didn't try hard enough or
of course veganism wants to everyone
they just didn't give it a good enough
go you know just one meal a day that I
was kind of adding in either the fish or
the egg so my other two meals are still
plant-based
so it wasn't even like I completely
flipped up my diet it was just like a
small change that made all the
difference
that's exactly what my doctor was
confident and he was saying to me it
doesn't need to be you don't need to go
carnivore you know you just think to add
it a little bit and that's all you need
so for the first few months of eating
like this I beat myself up a lot I felt
a lot of shame a lot of guilt I felt
like I'd failed yeah I didn't know who I
was without veganism I didn't then I
realized that if I don't have my health
I don't have anything and I have to put
that first I was so scared about what
other people would think that it was
controlling me and I wasn't listening to
myself I wasn't listening to my body
the reason I'm eating eggs and fish I'm
not like chicken and meat is because I
don't feel comfortable eating chicken
meat like I I don't know if I have will
but right now I don't feel comfortable
doing that
so that's why I'm eating fish and eggs
[Music]
ethically I feel okay with that decision
I feel okay with the eggs that I'm
buying in the fish that I'm sourcing
yeah
[Music]